{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Aswin Nair - Assignment 4\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 \
We first started this assignment in class by discussing what product we can work on and we had the initial idea of recreating a streaming service platform such as Netflix. We formulated a plan to communicate with each other by firstly creating a google docs sheet that would serve as the merged document outline. We split the project into four sections: user account signup, user profile page, credit card submission, and account settings. We made it available to everyone and anyone could just write their names next to the section names to freely pick which section they wanted to work on. I chose user profile page as my section and my teammates as of now are: Asma, Juyin, Tomasz, and Ashley. We then made a slack channel so we can all communicate with each other directly and made five servers: one to serve as the general overview server and four for the sections. We split into those teams and worked through there. \
\
In the general channel, we talked about how we can split the sections into further subdivisions so everyone could have an equal part in the assignment. It was difficult because there doesn\'92t seem to be enough parts to go around, but I think we can work through it and figure it out as we go through the process. There were a few other ideas brought up and now we are considering two ideas for our product. One idea is the streaming service platform such as Netflix and the other is a note-sharing service similar to Chegg where it would provide as an aide to students that struggle with writing effective notes. We\'92re still in the process of coming to a final decision on what we want our product to be, so hopefully by the next submission we\'92ll have a choice made. \
\
For the user profile page, I was thinking about the basic and most important things we have to include. It should have a profile picture to publicly show the user, username and nickname to express the user\'92s identity, a follow button that viewable and clickable by other users to subscribe to that user\'92s feed (for note taking app), an about section for the user to talk about themselves a little, and a list of notes that they\'92ve contributed (again for the note taking app). I think our sub team needs to further discuss what we can do to make the user experience richer and easier. \
\
In regard to the sub team communication, it has been sort of lacking. It\'92s been three of us (out of five) that have been doing all the talking in the slack channel. I\'92m hoping that the process and our communication can evolve over time. Currently, all of the communication is happening in the main channel. I\'92ve had multiple experiences working in collaborative environments and it is understandably difficult as people are very different. In my previous experiences, we\'92ve had no problems with people not contributing and I hope that this will be the same. It\'92s very different than working individually because you have to work with multiple people to develop different ideas and you can get different perspectives that can help your product. However, it can be hard to communicate efficiently. Once we can do exactly that, it should be smooth sailing from there. I wish I had more to write, but once we make a final decision on the product, I will have much more to discuss. }